doc: present how to create a vim-plugin overlay (#126633)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/languages-frameworks/vim.section.md

}
```

You can use the updater script to generate basic packages out of a custom vim
plugin list:

> `
> pkgs/misc/vim-plugins/update.py -i vim-plugin-names -o generated.nix --no-commit
> `

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
pkgs/misc/vim-plugins/update.py -i vim-plugin-names -o generated.nix --no-commit
```
```

> ```
> pkgs/misc/vim-plugins/update.py -i vim-plugin-names -o generated.nix --no-commit
> ```
> with the content of vim-plugin-names be like:
> ```
> pwntester/octo.nvim
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ShellSession
$ pkgs/misc/vim-plugins/update.py -i vim-plugin-names -o generated.nix --no-commit
```
with the content of vim-plugin-names be like:
```ShellSession
$ pwntester/octo.nvim
```
```

To enable all grammars packaged in nixpkgs, use `(pkgs.vimPlugins.nvim-treesitter.withPlugins (plugins: pkgs.tree-sitter.allGrammars))`.

You can use the updater script to generate basic packages out of a custom vim
plugin list:
```
pkgs/misc/vim-plugins/update.py -i vim-plugin-names -o generated.nix --no-commit
```
with the content of vim-plugin-names be like:
```
pwntester/octo.nvim
```
You can reference the generated vim plugins by:
```nix
myVimPlugins = pkgs.vimPlugins.extend (

>   (pkgs.callPackage generated.nix {})

Reviewer 2: It should be
```nix
    (pkgs.callPackage ./generated.nix {
      buildVimPluginFrom2Nix = pkgs.vimUtils.buildVimPluginFrom2Nix;
    })
```

Author: fixed

To enable all grammars packaged in nixpkgs, use `(pkgs.vimPlugins.nvim-treesitter.withPlugins (plugins: pkgs.tree-sitter.allGrammars))`.

You can use the updater script to generate basic packages out of a custom vim
plugin list:
```
pkgs/applications/editors/vim/plugins/update.py -i vim-plugin-names -o generated.nix --no-commit
```

> with the content of "vim-plugin-names" be like:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
with the contents of `vim-plugin-names` being for example:
```

Also please use empty lines between paragraphs for better source readability.

./pkgs/applications/editors/vim/plugins/update.py --proc 1
```

## How to maintain an out-of-tree overlay of vim plugins ?

You can use the updater script to generate basic packages out of a custom vim
plugin list:
```

> pkgs/applications/editors/vim/plugins/update.py -i vim-plugin-names -o generated.nix --no-commit

Reviewer 3: Can you run this out of tree, i.e. with `nix-shell`?

Author: That would be a logical followup indeed. Not sure how to expose that yet so I'll postponethe suggestion.

```

> with the contents of "vim-plugin-names" being for example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
with the contents of `vim-plugin-names` being for example:
```
